Taj Burrow and Julian Wilson to
super-talented regular foots but Julian
coming from that new school and he just
made that final in France and you know
he wants to win so bad opening his
account here in quarterfinal number one
found this little ding oh you know he's
coming out Oh intosh Adam combo at the
end and Julian got that 10 point ride
just to seal the deal he thought he's
gonna get back into it but he ran at a
time but it was one of those heats to is
so fun for the fans to watch and you
know as a tough one to lose for Julian
because he did get that perfect wave
right before the heat ran came to a
close
had a few heats that were pretty
memorable heat I mean I just lost before
in the quarters but I went out with a 10
and I had potentially another 10 that I
fell off right the end which kind of
hurt but yeah it's been a spectacular
event that crowd is so amazing that so
support even doesn't matter who you are
where you're from they get right behind
us so that's really special and
everyone's putting on a great show
there's been some amazing news
kelly slater an eighth or Elvis of
course on paper you would think that
Kelly Slater would win and of course out
in the water that's exactly what
happened Kelly throating good-looking
ybr he draws drew
that's
the point where he's just done to toy
with things down what am I site he's
come out o people would have killed Dave
o would have killed for that way because
he doesn't equate and earlier that was a
heat winner of that heat for 2 3 audra
no against Michel bourez and I was kind
of one of the heats of the round because
Michelle bourez looks so dynamic in the
barrel everybody thought that one was
going to go to the Spartan and audrianna
de souza had other ideas
is he gonna come out he does
it was a ten-point ride and he won the
heat but just by a little bit
we had quarter for all Australian match
of Joel Parkinson and beat der bitch and
he'd say parkas probably the favorite in
that heat going into it with his past
history of results beador beje had that
one the left where he was so deep on he
wasn't supposed to make it got that 977
and made his way into the semis so
pretty exciting through that quarter
final scenario to see what was going to
happen in the semis
you